# Task 2: Consumer Health Search 2021

The 2021 CLEF eHealth IR Task on consumer health search builds on the information retrieval tasks that have run at CLEF eHealth since its inception. 

The consumer health search task follows a standard information retrieval shared challenge paradigm from the perspective that it provides a test collection consisting of a set of documents and a set of topics. Participants must retrieve web pages that fulfil a given patient’s personalised information need. This needs to fulfil the following criteria: information credibility, quality, and suitability.

This year’s challenge focuses on ad hoc retrieval and features a newly created test collection consisting of:

- NEW document collection which includes social media.
- NEW topic set representing layperson medical queries in set domains (e.g. diabetes), and featuring both queries representing simple information needs and complex information needs.

Participants of the challenge will be provided with access to this new test collection. Runs submitted by participants are pooled, and manual relevance assessments conducted.

Participants can take part in three subtasks:
- Subtask 1: Adhoc Information Retrieval
- Subtask 2: Weakly supervised Information Retrieval
- Subtask 3: Document credibility prediction

## Documents Collection
Participants have access to 2 separate crawls of documents: web documents and social media. The crawls have to be downloaded by participants with the scripts detailed below. Alternatively, registered participants can download an indexed version of the document collection.

## Topics
The topics this year are all based on realistic search scenarios. Two sets of topics will be created for the task:

- one topic set is based on discussions with multiple sclerosis and diabetes patients, the queries are manually generated by experts from established search scenarios
- one topic set is based on use cases from discussion forums. The queries are extracted and manually selected from Google trends to best fit each use case

## Structure
\documents: scripts to crawls. 
	\webdoc: CommonCrawl Crawler
	\social-media: Reddit and Twitter Crawler
\tools: extra scripts
\topics: topics sets 

